Clearer guidance on managed instances use (#2670)
sourcegraph/handbook: content/departments/product-engineering/engineering/cloud/delivery/managed/index.md

- [Enable executors][enable_executors_process.md]
- [FAQ](#faq)

## When to offer a Managed Instance

Managed instances offer a backup alternative for using Sourcegraph when a customer either can't or, for some reason, won't deploy Sourcegraph self-hosted.

> They currently carry a heavy cost in terms of engineering time (which is not negated by the markup in cost since more money doens't equal more time). As a result, they aren't the recommended deployment method for any tier size of customer. We hope to be able to change that in the future.

Author: ```suggestion
They currently carry a heavy cost in terms of engineering time (which is not negated by the markup in cost since more money doesn't equal more time). As a result, they aren't the recommended deployment method for any tier size of customer. We hope to be able to change that in the future.
```

> They currently carry a heavy cost in terms of engineering time (which is not negated by the markup in cost since more money doesn't equal more time). As a result, they aren't the recommended deployment method for any tier size of customer. We hope to be able to change that in the future.

Reviewer: I would suggest we not keep citing the cost to engineering ... I think people gloss over even though this is real and valid. What if instead of

> They currently carry a heavy cost in terms of engineering time (which is not negated by the markup in cost since more money doesn't equal more time). As a result, they aren't the recommended deployment method for any tier size of customer. We hope to be able to change that in the future.

It says

> As of 2022-03-10, managed instance is not the recommended deployment method for any tier size of customer. We hope to be able to change that in the future.

Author: Done 👍

> They currently carry a heavy cost in terms of engineering time (which is not negated by the markup in cost since more money doesn't equal more time). As a result, they aren't the recommended deployment method for any tier size of customer. We hope to be able to change that in the future.

Author: ```suggestion
As of 2022-03-10, managed instance is not the recommended deployment method for any tier size of customer. We hope to be able to change that in the future.
```
